Add discussion to notes (#101)
datatogether/reading_datatogether: notes/semester_03_2020/6-polity-2020-11-03.md

> **DAWN**: Which I still find so intensely interesting, a few years in, that this still is a maybe a really strong use case. So I think something like say the Starlink project, I don't know if you spoken to Jonathan Golden, he'd be a good person to invite to some sort of Data Together event. They are similarly thinking about needing to archive important witness testimony related to things that were recorded with the intent of being publicly available from now and into the future, thinking about these questions of trust and holding this sort of data, but it also has this resonance in so many important communities at very strong orientation towards justice, it's not the environmental justice angle, in the same way, it's more a human rights and witnessing emphasis, but it was very resonant, and they have a really strong use case. And they've done some testing and working with IPFS folks. And actually, Ben from Hypha, the worker's cooperative I'm a member of, also has worked with them. And they did a launch this year, so there are some of these use cases, but there aren't a huge amount of them. There's a lot of interesting apps that are being built, but there isn't totally these fully thickened, rich contexts where this is a space to think about the implications of this and how it's used and understand how we should think about building this out, individually. For what it's worth, I think there could be another season or another term, or maybe a reimagined version of it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**DAWN**: Which I still find so intensely interesting, a few years in, that this still is a maybe a really strong use case. So I think something like say the Starling project, I don't know if you spoken to Jonathan Dotan, he'd be a good person to invite to some sort of Data Together event. They are similarly thinking about needing to archive important witness testimony related to things that were recorded with the intent of being publicly available from now and into the future, thinking about these questions of trust and holding this sort of data, but it also has this resonance in so many important communities at very strong orientation towards justice, it's not the environmental justice angle, in the same way, it's more a human rights and witnessing emphasis, but it was very resonant, and they have a really strong use case. And they've done some testing and working with IPFS folks. And actually, Ben from Hypha, the worker's cooperative I'm a member of, also has worked with them. And they did a launch this year, so there are some of these use cases, but there aren't a huge amount of them. There's a lot of interesting apps that are being built, but there isn't totally these fully thickened, rich contexts where this is a space to think about the implications of this and how it's used and understand how we should think about building this out, individually. For what it's worth, I think there could be another season or another term, or maybe a reimagined version of it.
```

Reviewer: Hi @Frijol fixed name here! (sorry for this taking soooooooo loooooong)
